# Recap
## Eg. 2
### Consider a system with 2 components. The experiment consists of observing the status of the components.W(working) or F(failed). Describe the following events.
a) At least one component has failed. : event A
b) Exactly one has failed. : B
c) First component ahs failed. : C

Ω = {WW, WF, FW, FF}
A = {WF, FW, FF}
B = {WF, FW}
C = {FW, FF}

        
## Union of sets A, B, and C.
* A ∪ B ∪ C -- consists of all outcomes of A, B, C.
    * Occurs if any of A, B, C occurs (or at least one of A, B, or C occurs.
* For ex.2, B ∪ C = A

## Intersection of events A, B, C.
* A ∩ B ∩ C -- consists of common outcomes of A, B, C.
    * Occurs A, B, and C occurs
* For ex.2, B ∩ C = {FW}, A ∩ B = B, A ∩ B ∩ C = {FW}
## Complement of an event A
* ~A -- consists of outcomes that are not in A
    * Occurs if A does not occur
* For ex.2, ~A = {WW}, ~B = {WW, FF}
## Disjoint or Mutually exclusive
* Cannot occur together
* Their intersection = Φ
* A ∩ B = Φ
* For ex2. A ∩ ~A = Φ, B ∩ ~A = Φ
* Note: A\B = A ∩ ~B
## Exhaustive
* Union of the events = Sample Space
* A and ~A are exhaustive

# Basic Rules of Probability
## For any event A:
0 <= P(A) <= 1
P(Ω) = 1, P(Φ) = 0
## For disjoint events A, B, C (Simple addition rule)
P(A ∪ B ∪ C) = P(A) + P(B) + P(C)
## Generally P(A ∪ B) = P(A) + P(B) - P(A ∩ B)
P(A ∪ B ∪ C) = P(A) + P(B) + P(C) - P(A ∩ B) - P(A ∩ C) - P(B ∩ C) + P(A ∩ B ∩ C)
## Complement rule
P(A) = 1 - P(~A)
Sample space Ω = {O1, O2, O3, ... On}
P(O1) + P(O2) + P(O3) + ... P(On) = 1
## For Classic probability concept, each outcome is equally likely
* P(O1) = P(O2) = ... P(On) = 1/n
* P(A) = (# of outcomes in A) / (# of outcomes in Ω)
*For ex2. if it is classical probability, P({FW}) = P({FF}) = ... = 1/4
    * P(A) = 3/4 
    * P(B) = 2/4
    * P(C) - 2/4
    * P(A ∩ B) = 2/4
    * P(B ∩ C) = 1/4
## Eg. 3 Birthday Paradox
### In a set of n randomly chosen people, the probability that some pairs of them have the same birthday. Assume no leap year.
* To make the probability 50%, n = 23
* To make the probability 99%, n = 57
    * For this, # in Ω = 365^57
* To make the probability 100%, n = 36
