# Review
    * Suppose E = {O1, O2, ..., Oz}
      P(E) = P(O1) + P(O2) + ... P(Oz)
      = i=1 SUM( P(Oz) ) z
    * P(A ∪ B) = P(A) + P(B) - P(A ∩ B)
    * P(~A) = 1 - P(A)
    * P(A ∩ B) = P(A) * P(B) for independent events A, B
    * Classic approach to assigning probability
        Finite Sample Space Ω = {O1, O2, ..., Oz}
        P(O1) = P(Oz) = P(On) = 1/n
        P(E) = (# of outcomes in E) / N = k/N
# Therefore the problem reduces to "counting problem"
## Eg. 
    * Random sampling 
    * Tossing a fair coin 
    * Draw of a card from  well-shuffled pack
    * Birthday
    * Occupancy
    **Feature is equally likely outcomes**
### Birthday Paradox
    A = sharing birthday
    ~A = no shared birthday
    For 57 people:
        P(~A) = (365 * 364 ... * (365 - 57 + 1)) / (365 ^ 57)
        P(A) = 1 - P(~A) = 99%

## Counting Methods
    * Multiplication Rule
        An operation consists of k steps. For the first step: n ways, for each of this the second step: n2 ways, ..., for the kth step, nk ways. There are n1 * n2 * ... nk ways for the operation.
    * Permutation
        A permutation is a distinct arrangement of n different elements of a set. 
        n! = n * (n-1) * (n-1) ... * 1
        The number of permutations of n distinct objects taken k at a time possible selection of k distinguishable objects in order from a set of n
        P(n, k) = n * (n-1) * ... (n - k + 1) = n! / (n - k)!
    * Combinations
        Possible selection of distinguishable objects without placing them in an order form a set of n.
        C(n, k) = n! / ((n - k)! k!
        * Eg. random sampling
            Choose 5 kids from a group of 20.
        * Another Birthday Paradox
            How many people must you ask in order to have a 50% chance of finding someone who shares your birthday.
            ~A : In a group of n, no one shares your birthday
            P(A) = (364)^n / (365)^n
            (364/365)^n = 50%
            n = 253
    * Relative frequency approach for assigning probability
        Repeat the experiment a large number times (n) under identical conditions
        P(E) = (# of times the event E occurs) / n
        "long-term proportion of occurance"
    * Subjective approach
        Personal degree of belief
    * Multiplication rule for independent events            
        Events E1, E2, ... En are independent if they occur independently of each other
        I.E. occurance of one event does not affect the probabilities of the others
        P(E1 ∩ E2) = P(E1)*P(E2)
        P(E1 ∩ E2 ∩ ... En) = P(E1) * P(E2) ... * P(En)
        ~(E1 ∩ E2 ... ∩ En) = ~E1 ∪ ~E2 ... ∪ ~En
        ~(E1 ∪ E2 ... ∪ En) = ~E1 ∩ ~E2 ... ∩ ~En

# Eg.
## The experience of a computer vendor shows that 30% of the customers buy a monitor, 60% buy a printer and 20% buy both.
a) The probability of "buying at least one of the two options".
b) The probability of "not buying anything".

a) P(M or P) = P(M) + P(P) - P(M ∩ P) = .3 + .6 - .2 = .7
b) 1 - .7 = .3
